- The title of your project
- The group members (firstname and lastname)
- An addressing to the feedback that we will have provided for the Final Project
proposal. List what you are doing / planning to do regarding the feedback
provided for your project proposal.
- Which software process model is employed in your project and why. (Ch 2)
- List of software requirements including
o Functional requirements. To simplify your design, please keep your
functional requirements in the range minimum 5 (five) to maximum 7
(seven). (Ch 4)
o Non-functional requirements (use all non-functional requirement types
listed in Figure 4.3 - Ch 4)
- Use case diagram – Provide a use case diagram (similar to Figure 5.5) for your
project. Please note than there should be more than one use cases depending on
the complexity of your project. (Ch 5 and Ch 7)
- Sequence diagram – Provide sequence diagrams (similar to Figure 5.6 and Figure
5.7) for each use case of your project. Please note that there should be an
individual sequence diagram for each use case of your project. (Ch 5 and Ch 7)
- Class diagram – Provide a class diagram (similar to Figure 5.9) of your project.
The class diagram should be unique (only one) and should include all classes of
your project. Please make sure to include cardinalities, and relationship types
(such as generalization and aggregation) between classes in your class diagram.
Also make sure that each class has class name, attributes, and methods named (Ch
5).
- Architectural design – Provide an architectural design of your project. Based on
the characteristics of your project, choose and apply only one appropriate
architectural pattern from the following list: (Ch 6 section 6.3)
o Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern (similar to Figure 6.6)
o Layered architecture pattern (similar to Figure 6.9)
o Repository architecture pattern (similar to Figure 6.11)
o Client-server architecture pattern (similar to Figure 6.13)
o Pipe and filter architecture pattern (similar to Figure 6.15)

